# Meeting Notes 2021-08-24

## Attendees
* Steven Collins (SC)
* David Crocker (DC)
* Matt Dionne (MD)
* Jay Oram (JO)
* Rémi Parmentier (RP)
* Mark Robbins (MR)
* Elliot Ross (ER)
* Dylan Smith (DS)

## Notes

* HTML Sanitiser - ultimate goal?
* Big task in the short term
* Less work longer term
* Possibility of focusing on specific issues like Accessibility/Dark Mode/User settings.

* DS - Could ESPs add weight to the discussion
* MR - Let’s make sure we think about security/accessiblity
* MD - Ultimately would Outlook change it’s rendering/take on a new HTML sanitiser?
* ER - Instead of creating a HTML sanitiser could we come up with a list of needs? With some supporting code.
* DS - This is more like a spec than a standardisation/sanitiser. Is it essentially the web spec with parts taken out, such as no Javascript, then taking a red pen to all the CSS/HTML that is not supported for various reasons? Could using caniemail to produce a report and go through who supports what and why?
* MR - User settings should be something that is supported, such as rem units. 
* DS - DC what advice would you have?
* DC -
  + Find a quick success
  + Grow from that
  + Work out what you would like to see made better
  + Work out what is easy/hard (be prepared for the easy not to be that easy!)
  + Pick a spec without a dependency on code, but with code in mind
  + Find people who can do the work and keep engaged
* DS - Is there a specific group structure we should be looking at?
* DC - Continuity, find someone to drive the admin and getting people engaged. When working find a rough consensus not a unanimous decision, address all concerns and move on.
* ER - Get a ‘thing’ together’ - Get more people behind it - Get major ESPs/Agencies/Orgs behind it.
* DC - Get major players on board, build a business case with marketing/clients needs. Evaluate what as a group can be achieved.
* ER - Get attention. 

### Overall summary
* What ideas do we want to promote?
* Email/HTML/CSS spec
* User settings
* Accessiblity

### Next steps

* DC - Set up somewhere to interact, also set up a public face with a statement of broad goals, figure out some low hanging fruit.
* MR - We need to keep up momentum. Use a Github repo for working space, then a web page. I have a meeting with the AMP4Email working group on the 9th September, would be good to have something to share then with possible major players.
* DS - emailgeeks.org is available currently. Meeting weekly would be good to start and then bi-weekly for a quarter, then monthly to keep up momentum.
* MR - Going to set up weekly meeting 5pm (BST) Tuesdays, also could DS set up a private slack channel.
